Captain America, Thor and Ultron all inhabit what fictional milieu?
Fictional placements within this setting are modeled off what?
Spiderman's fictional city is based off what real American location?
What Marvel character's stories are set in an area resembling the American Southwest?
Which two groups of Marvel crimefighters are based in a fictional version of New York City?
Where is the character of Ant-Man based?
Where is Marvel located?
Which super villain lives in the American southwest?
What were many real-life locations based off of?
Which group fought the Fantastic Four in New York City?
Who originally founded Marvel Comics?
What was the original name of Marvel Comics?
When was Marvel founded?
In what city was Marvel based when it was founded?
What was Abraham Goodman's official title when Marvel was founded?
When was Martin Goodman born?
What was Timely Publications originally called?
Who created the western pulp genre?
When did Timely Publications become Marvel Comics?
Who decided to rename Timely Publications to Marvel Comics?
What was the cover date on Marvel Comics #1?
Who was Marvel/Timely's first true full-time editor?
Besides Simon, who co-created Captain America?
What is the name of the character created by Carl Burgos?
In what issue was Namor, The Sub-Mariner introduced?
How many copies did the first printing of Marvel Comics #1 sell?
What year did Joe Simon join Timely?
When was Funnies, Inc. founded?
What was Bill Everett's job title?
When did Goodman disband Timely Comics, Inc?
What cartoon humorist did some high profile stories for Marvel in the early years?
What was the name of the humorous feature penned by Wolverton?
What duo of kid-themed characters were featured in early Marvel issues?
What early Marvel character may have been envisioned as a female counterpoint to Captain America?
The most popular early Marvel heroes were collectively and colloquially known as what?
Which characters matched the success of the big three?
Who created Miss America?
What cartoon was the Destroyer featured in?
What animal characters were featured in Powerhouse Pepper?
Where do the animal comic characters sometimes continue to appear?
Marvel Comics was part of many entities having what relationship with Timely?
When were all of Goodman's comic entities officially put under the moniker of Marvel Comics?
By what other name were some Marvel-related comic books published?
Under what handle were Marvel's detective fiction comics published?
When did Goodman begin partnering with shell companies?
What were the biggest danger to Goodman's business strategy?
When were comics first published under the label Marvel Magazine?
When was the first Marvel Mystery Comic published?
What was the first comic to be published after Goodman formally adopted the name Marvel Comics?
Which writer and artist was behind the Sub-Mariner?
What was Marvel's major offshoot with Westerns, war stories, and monster comics called?
What was Dan DeCarlo's spooky but humorous comic aimed at kids called?
DeCarlo also penned a knock-off of what teen comic superstar?
What was the name of DeCarlo's main character in his humorous teen series?
When did Atlas launch?
Who ran Atlas?
When did the Archie Andrews comics run?
What company successfully revived several superheroes?
What was another name for the Human Torch?
Marvel's first team of superheroes was known by what alliterative name?
What was the issue date when this superhero team debuted?
What Marvel executive helped change the focus of Marvel's stories and characters?
What is Marvel's best-selling comic?
In the Marvel Universe, the public treated conferred what response on the Fantastic Four?
Who introduced superheroes marketed primarily towards children?
What superhero team used secret identities?
When was Spider-Man launched?
What did most comic superheros focus on that Marvel did not?
What was Marvel's least successful book?
Who joined with Stan Lee in creating the Fantastic Four?
What historic era did the Fantastic Four initially inhabit?
What traditional superhero element did the Fantastic Four initially do without?
None of the Fantastic Four had what hidden element so common to other superheroes?
The emphasis on relatable settings and character motivations in Marvel's 1960s comics is called what?
What tradition did Marvel embrace?
What historic era was Marvel trying to eschew?
Who wrote comics that focused on secret identities and costumes?
Choosing to follow comic book tradition and tropes was called what?
What war was Jack Kirby in?
What magazine featured two Marvel Characters in a college campus heroes feature?
What two Marvel characters were part of that campus heroes section?
Which publisher is Marvel's biggest rival?
Writer Geoff Boucher compared DC to what dull 1960s crooner?
What two real life persons were also part of the magazine feature alongside fictional Marvel characters?
When did Esquire start?
When did Geoff Boucher join Marvel?
Who compared DC comics to the Beatles?
What real-life president was featured in a Spider-Man comic?
Which DC superhero was listed in Esquire's top 28 college campus heroes?
What actual US cities have fictional equivalents in Marvel's comic milieu?
What Marvel hero is related to a tiny insect?
The shared milieu inhabited by all Marvel heroes and villains is known as?
Which two comic book titles were the precursors to the widening of this overall setting?
What fictional universe was Los Angeles based on?
Who was Daredevil's main antagonist?
What city does Black Panther live in?
Spider-Man and the Fantastic Four were published after what comic?
What are the real-life cities New York, Los Angeles, and Chicago called?
How many comics did Marvel sell during 1968?
What company was distributing Marvel's titles at that point?
To whom was Marvel sold in 1968?
What wholly-owned affiliate of this company did Marvel operate within?
What distributor took over Marvel's titles in 1969?
How many comic books had Goodman sold by 1968?
In what year did Independent News and Goodman first make their distribution arrangement?
What publishing businesses did Goodman sell besides Marvel Comics?
Who was the founder of the Perfect Film and Chemical Corporation?
Who did Goodman switch distribution to in 1968?
What government agency asked Marvel to do a series of stories to publicize an issue?
What issue was Marvel asked to tackle for this agency?
What comic book series did stories related to this issue appear in?
What industry censorship and standards organization tried to block publication of this series?
What were the issue dates of the three-episode series on this public health issue?
When did the Comics Code Authority request Marvel to do a comic on drug abuse?
Who is the editor-in-chief of the Comics Code Authority?
What self-censorship board approved the controversial Spider-Man comic?
What government-led department refused to approve the Spider-Man story? 
During what months did the CCA revise its code?
What situation allowed Marvel to expand into more adult-themed genre stories?
What were two of Marvel's comic heroes in fantasy, swords and magic settings?
What waterfowl character had his own satire series of comic books?
In what year did Marvel's sales overtake rival DC?
How were some of Marvel's genre titles published in the 1970s?
What prevented Marvel from creating more adult-themed comics?
What did Marvel do that failed to be successful after the Comics Code was updated?
When did DC Comics usurp Marvel's position as the top comics company?
How much did DC lower the price of its comics by?
What was DC's horror series called?
What new venture did Marvel's founder begin after leaving the company in the 1970s?
What former Marvel title imprint did Goodman attempt to revive?
What new retail outlet came on board at the end of the 1970s to rival newsstands for comic sales?
How long was the 1970s revival of Atlas Comics in business?
During what era did newsstand distribution begin to tail off markedly for Marvel?
What company partnered with Marvel in 1974?
When was Howard the Duck launched?
What change in market distribution negatively affected Marvel near the end of the decade?
How much later were specialty comic book stores reselling titles?
The mid-1970s brought what favourable change for Marvel?
What was Marvel's self-hosted comic book convention called?
What artist's return to Marvel was announced at this event?
What Marvel character was specifically created to appeal to the UK market?
When was the first Marvel-sponsored comics convention?
When did Marvel's British-themed superhero first appear?
Who did Jack Kirby announce was returning to Marvel in 1975?
What marvel character was announced at the first Marvelcon?
What was DC Comic's 1975 convention called?
Who created most of DC's star characters?
When did Marvel become licensed to distribute in the UK? 
Who took over as head of Marvel in 1978?
What is an example of a bad practice eliminated under Shooter's regime at Marvel?
What noted artist and writer made brought Daredevil to the forefront during the 1980s?
What team of artist and writer helped popularize the Uncanny X-Men line of comics in the 1980s?
Secret Wars was an early example of what Marvel comics story trope?
What issue did Shooter cause when he started at Marvel?
When did Chris Claremont become editor-in-chief?
When did New Universe become successful?
What anniversary did Epic Comics celebrate in 1986?
Who wrote for Star Comics?
What 1990s comic line featured futuristic, sci-fi stories?
What was the name of the specialty comics line created by Clive Barker for Marvel?
In what year did Marvel introduce trading cards based on their characters?
What trading card company did Marvel team up with to license these trading cards?
What was affected by the increasing use at Marvel of crossover stories between comic characters?
What series was set in the past?
What commercially successful comic did Clive Barker create?
When was SkyBox International launched?
What marvel character was featured on the first collectible trading card?
When did comic book sales begin to decline?
What studio helped to relaunch and revamp classic marvel teams The Fantastic Four and the Avengers?
What two Marvel veterans founded Image?
How was the setting for the Image versions of Marvel characters different from the official comics?
How long did the Image run of Marvel characters last?
What three titles were part of the darker, grimmer Marvel Knights comics?
Who created the Avengers?
When was Image Comics founded?
What year did Joe Quesada become editor in chief?
How long did Marvel Knights run for?
What caused Image Comics to discontinue the Marvel crossover?
What channel did Marvel buy to self-distribute its own comics in the 1990s?
When did Marvel purchase this distribution network?
Exclusive deals for distributing comics during the 1990s left this company as the only unaffiliated one.
What year did Diamond Comic Distributors team up with Marvel?
The failure of what high profile business initiative caused Marvel to approach Diamond?
What was the only North American distribution company to go under?
When did Diamond Comic Distributors part ways with Marvel?
What caused distributors to thrive in the mid-90s?
When was Marvel's Heroes World declared a financial success?
When was Diamond Comic Distributors Inc. founded?
What was the business state of Marvel by 2000?
When did Marvel withdraw from the Comics Code Authority?
What in-house standards system did Marvel replace the Comics Code with?
What was the first book published under this new ratings system?
What was the name of the adult themed comics imprint for Marvel with more explicit content?
When did Marvel Comics file for bankruptcy?
When did Marvel join the Comics Code Authority?
When was the first issue of MAX released?
What did Marvel Comics replace the Marvel Rating System with?
What age bracket was Marvel Adventures designed for?
What entertainment company purchased Marvel at the end of the 2000s?
When was the sale of Marvel to this entertainment conglomerate announced?
What was the sale price of Marvel?
What is the readership market share enjoyed by Marvel and DC comics?
In 2010, Marvel switched to what distributor for bookstore comic book sales?
What did Marvel Entertainment purchase in 2009?
How much did Disney buy DC for?
What percentage of the American comic-book market did Marvel account for?
When did Marvel switch to Diamond Book Distributors?
How much did DC Comics shareholder receive as a result of the Marvel-Disney deal?
When did the Marvel Adventures line cease publishing?
Infinite Comics is related to what comics media platform?
What are two new titles under the Marvel NOW! line of comics?
Marvel NOW!, Infinite Comics, and Marvel AR are under the umbrella of what in house business endeavor?
What does the AR in Marvel AR stand for?
When did Marvel launch Marvel Adventures?
How many titles run on the Marvel Universe TV block?
What titles were released with Marvel AR?
When was Marvel NOW! canceled?
What TV network shares a parent with Marvel?
What series on this network was given a Marvel graphic novel?
What is the Marvel and Disney line of comics called?
What was the first title published in that joint line of comics?
What movie sci-fi franchise returned to Marvel in 2015?
When did Disney and LLC stop publishing Star Wars comics?
How many issues was the Once Upon a Time novel?
What was the joint line of comics owned by LLC and Marvel called?
When was the Once Upon a Time novel released?
When did Disney and Marvel announce they were ending joint projects?
What publisher did Marvel first license its characters to for novelization?
What was the first novel published under this deal?
What was the name of the short-lived Marvel novelization book publisher during the 2000s?
In 2005, Marvel dropped it's own publishing rights for novelization and instead partnered with what publisher?
Marvel Press was relaunched in what year?
Who wrote the movie novelizations?
Who wrote the Young Adult novel Mary Jane?
How many books did Marvel license with Pocket Books?
What is the name of the company that licensed the majority of marvel comics before 2003?
When did Marvel switch to the Disney Books Group?
What Disney theme park will become the first to feature Marvel-specific attractions?
Because of a prior contract, what two Disney parks are barred from featuring Marvel characters?
The contract with what non-Disney studio prevents some parks from using Marvel characters?
What Marvel movie featured Star-Lord and Gamora?
What movie features the characters Baymax and Hiro?
What are the only two Disney parks allowed to have Marvel characters?
Why is Walt Disney unable to have characters such as Star-Lord appear?
What does Universal Studios plan to do with their Marvel contract?
What was signed after Disney purchased Marvel?
Because of the Universal Studios agreement, which Big Hero 6 characters are off limits for Disney?
